.\" Manpage for FixDumper.
.\" Contact osvaldo.lucchini@baml.com
.TH man 8 "21 jun 2012" "1.0" "FixDumper man page"
.SH NAME
FixDumper \- Dumps FIX messages from text file allowing filtering and tag selection
.SH SYNOPSIS
FixDumper [-i file] [-o file] [-w size] [-m type list] [-h] [-s sep] [-I] [-t tag list] [-e] [-E sep] [-f filter on tag] [--help]
.SH DESCRIPTION
FixDumper allows to operate on large text (log) file and perform FIX message parsing/filtering/sorting
It recgnizes FIX messages within text
Output could be directed to stdout (default) or to file via option
Messages are by default dumped in columns and sorted by tag number
.SH OPTIONS
FixDumper takes the following options:
.TP 2
i: input file to use. Default stdin
.TP 2
o: output file to use. Default stdout
.TP 2
e: dump in comma separated format
.TP 2
E: dump in comma separated format using sep instead of comma)
.TP 2
f: filter on tag condition (in format "tag value" means where tag equal value)
.TP 2
h: print short header every message (tags 35, 49, 56)
.TP 2
m: list of msg types to dump based on tag 35 value.
.TP 2
s: use "sep" as tag fields separator (default \0x01).
.TP 2
t: tag list comma separated.
.TP 2
w: width for tag column. Allowed format are "x" or "x:y" (where x is tag size and y is tag value size)
.RS
Notice that:
.TP 2
- Tag size default is 7 char.
.TP 2
- Tag value is fully dumped unless its size is specified.
.RE
.TP 2
I: ignore mandatory tag presence, just dump the content.
.TP 2
B: dump all messages filtered as they were received on output (similar to grep)
.TP 2
help: show this help. Notice -h is not an abbreviation.
.SH EXAMPLES
1. FixDumper -i logInput.log -E\| -t11,35,49,56
   Reads input from file logInput.log
   Select only tags 11, 35, 49 and 56 to dump
   Dumps output in comma separated values using "|" as separator

2. cat logInput.log | FixDumper -f "35 8" -o logOutput.txt -B
   Reads from standard input
   Filter records where 35=8 only
   Dumps on logOutput.txt file
   writes records as they where read from inpput (grep-like functionality)

3. FixDumper -i logInput.log -h
   Dumps all messages from file logInput.log prefixing with a short header
   stating message type, source and destination


.SH SEE ALSO
.SH BUGS
Many, waiting to be discovered.
.SH AUTHOR
Osvaldo Lucchini (osvaldo.lucchini@baml.com)
